docs(scully): add manual installation instructions (#1385)
scullyio/scully: docs/learn/getting-started/installation.md

  ...
}
```

### Manual Installation

> First, install both `@scullyio/scully` and `@scullyio/ng-lib` npm packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, install the following packages `@scullyio/scully` and `@scullyio/ng-lib`
```

Using NPM

```sh
npm i @scullyio/scully @scullyio/ng-lib
```

Using Yarn

```sh
yarn add @scullyio/scully @scullyio/ng-lib
```

And then import `ScullyLibModule` into your `app.module.ts`, as shown below:

```typescript
import { ScullyLibModule } from '@scullyio/ng-lib';
// ...other imports

@NgModule({
  declarations: [AppComponent],
  imports: [
    // ... other modules imports
    ScullyLibModule,
  ],
  bootstrap: [AppComponent],
})
export class AppModule {}
```

> **NB:** You can pass configurations to the `ScullLibModule` using the `forRoot`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NB:** You can pass configurations to the `ScullyLibModule` using the `forRoot`
```

method, which accepts the following interface. This is not necessary, as the
defaults work just fine.

```ts
export interface ScullyLibConfig {
  useTransferState?: boolean;
  alwaysMonitor?: boolean;
  manualIdle?: boolean;
  baseURIForScullyContent?: string;
}
```

> And finally, create a `scully.[PROJECT_NAME].config.ts`, replacing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, create a `scully.[PROJECT_NAME].config.ts`, replacing
```

> `[PROJECT_NAME]`, with the name of your Angular project. And then add the
> content of the Scully config file like shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`[PROJECT_NAME]`, with the name of your Angular project. Then add the
content of the Scully config file like shown below:
```
